I want you to notice in the Scriptures tonight, as we consider, where are we going as a church family?
Let me share with you the biblical basis as we saw this morning in the Word of God.
In Philippians chapter 3, verse 13, we hear the testimony of the apostle Paul, and I was speaking this afternoon.
We had the opportunity to have lunch with our county supervisor, Catherine Barger and the mayor of Palmdale and some other guests.
And I was sharing with them one of the things that I so enjoy about studying the churches of Northern Macedonia in consideration of the church at Philippi in particular is that while they were in a time of impoverishment and while they were under Roman pressure and difficulty,
they still became model churches.
When you say Thessalonica, when you say Philippi, you think of soul winning churches and giving churches.
And I'm gonna tell you something, it doesn't matter where you're located, the gospel is not bound.
And the power of the gospel is not bound.
And I believe that God receives much glory from a church that is seeking to do His will His way.
And this is what happened.
God, as we saw this morning, took a businesswoman, a jailer,
and a formerly demon-possessed girl, and he made them into something we call a church, a called-out assembly of believers.
Isn't the gospel wonderful?
That's what God can do.
And so Paul is writing to the church of Philippi, and he's sharing his testimony with them.
And in verse 13, we learned this morning these words, brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do.
Now here we saw in the first place the humility of the apostle, I've not arrived.
How many of you could say with me, I've not arrived?
I need to grow this year.
He said, I've not apprehended, but this one thing I do.
And there we saw the second principle of focus, focusing on the Lord, this one thing I do.
And here's how he phrases it under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, forgetting those things which are behind
And reaching forth under those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.
Now, 2019 is behind us.
2020 is before us.
What should our attitude as a church be toward this new year and this new decade?
And I believe it can be summed up in these words, reaching forth.
Many churches are putting their program into neutral and many Christians are even going backward.
But God says as you're looking to see me someday, you ought to be reaching forth.
to see what I have for your life, reaching forth until that day when you see me again.
And so tonight the vision is with that biblical backdrop that we want to be a church that is reaching forth in California in 2020 for the glory of God.
And so let's pray and we'll share this vision tonight.
Father, I know it's just the time and the service where we share the vision, but I don't want to share it without prayer and seeking your face one more time.
Now, Lord, you know the many hours of prayer and study that have gone into this very day.
You know the many hours by our tech teams.
And we thank you, Lord, for the beautiful materials and the various tools that have been given to us today, the calendars.
And we thank you, Lord, for the way our hearts have been encouraged and ministered to.
And yet in this moment, we pray that you would use what I'm about to say to help our church as we reach forth
into the future into this new year Lord may we have you in our hearts mind may you be the mark for which we strive the goal for which we live and may everything that is said and done bring honor and glory to your name tonight I pray
In Jesus' name, amen.
You can be seated.
Well, by now, most of you should have received our presentation folio here.
I'd like you to take that, if you would, into your hands.
And of course, I'm gonna encourage you to read the whole thing with much more detail over the next upcoming days.
But I want to share with you tonight our Reaching Forth 2020 vision.
And you'll notice there's a cover page there, and I'll not read the entire opening letter.
But I will say at the last part of this paragraph I mentioned, it is my prayer that we will reach
as a church family in faith as we follow God's direction together.
That's always been my heart striving together for the faith of the gospel.
That's our goal and you cannot strive in the sense of working together as a team unless all of us are yielded to the Holy Spirit and all of us are seeking to move forward together.
Together everyone achieves more.
Now over the last few months we've been kind of refining and redefining some
of our purpose.
We've given some of our core values and we've talked a little bit about the DNA of Lancaster Baptist and we'll be preaching along the lines of some of these themes.
But I want you to notice on the next page the purpose of Lancaster Baptist.
This certainly is not new.
This has been in place for many, many years.
But we want to bear in mind there are three great themes that we have.
as a church and in our ministry.
The first is to love God fervently.
The second is to grow together biblically.
And the third is to reach others passionately.
These are the three aspects of the purpose of Lancaster Baptist Church.
Let's say those together.
They're fairly simple.
Love God fervently.
Number two, we want to grow together biblically.
And number three, we want to reach others passionately.
Now loving God fervently, that takes place in our worship services and our own personal worship, our time with the Lord growing together biblically.
That happens in our Bible studies, in our connection groups, of course, reaching others passionately.
That happens through our organized soul winning and our personal lives around the valley carrying gospel tracks and being a witness for Christ.
And this is why
exist and this is something that we want to remember as we help new members coming along into the purpose of Lancaster Baptist Church.
We also shared a few weeks ago the core values, some things that the pastoral staff took time and
I took much time just really developing scripturally what are the core values of Lancaster Baptist Church.
Further defining some of our DNA as a church and how can we define, for example, to a visitor, to someone that's looking to Lancaster Baptist as a potential home.
What kind of a church this is.
And we have five that we have placed on the walls in the West Wing lobby and that we're gonna share with you tonight.
I'll be preaching these as well later on in the spring.
The first one simply stated
us, we center all we do on Christ.
We want Jesus Christ to be exalted in every activity, in every service at Lancaster Baptist Church, and that he would have the preeminence is our desire.
This is his church.
It's not our church.
This is the Lord's church.
And we want him to be preeminent in every single service.
Secondly, we want to be a church that submits
to the Word of God.
We believe the Word of God is our final authority, and it's been given by inspiration of God.
And it's been given as to be profitable for doctrine, for correction, for instruction in righteousness.
How many of you are thankful that whenever we come to this place, we know the Bible is going to be open?
Someone's going to stand up and say, open your Bibles too.
How many of you are thankful for that?
How many of you know there are churches where that statement's not heard?
And so I'm thankful that we can continue to be a Bible preaching church.
And we want to have a heart this year, a new and a fresh of Lord speak to me.
I want to follow your word.
The third core value, or value that we would share as we have new members in the new members class, the core class and so forth, is that we engage people with the gospel.
We are a church that is engaging people with the gospel.
Now I can say that from this pulpit, but if we're not doing it, we're not that kind of a church.
And so we want to be challenged tonight to be a people that carry gospel tracks, that attend soul winning opportunities, that share the gospel.
This is why God gives us relationship,
we might be able to tell others what Jesus Christ has done for us.
Number four, we are a church that enjoys serving Jesus.
Now, this is something the Lord put on my heart as I thought, well you know our church is 34 years old now and we've been through some wonderful years and yet we're getting a little bit older but we don't want to lose that joy of serving the Lord.
We've got some new activities this year and some just special things we've never done before.
We want to just keep the spontaneity and the joy
and the fun, if you will, right in the middle of it all, because Jesus said that in the world you'll have tribulation, but be of good cheer for I've overcome the world.
And I'm thankful tonight we're on the winning side.
And I really believe we need to live that way and we're excited that this is a fourth core value.
We're going to be looking for ways either to balance the busy schedule from time to time or to encourage hearts in special ways and to have fun and encouraging services along with exciting times of fellowship at Lancaster.
We make no apology for engaging people with the gospel.
We make no apology for having a revival meeting.
Many churches have given up on revival meetings.
They think no one wants to go to church on a nighttime service, much less two night times in a row.
We don't apologize for having some special emphasis like that, but by the same token, we want to have some times where we can have some rest or fellowship as well along the way.
We want to enjoy serving the Lord.
And then finally, we are a church that believes in living by faith.
We're still believing God to do great and mighty things, whether that is helping us to increase in our missions activity or our busman
or the kid city building or whatever it is.
We're not a church and you'll see this in just a moment sitting on our laurels and so we value the faith life for without faith it's impossible to please him.
And these are some of the values that we want to keep in mind as we move forward and we've placed them as I said on the walls of the West Lobby just to kind of be a reminder to us and to challenge us along the way through our course of ministry.
Then the third area I want to mention just by way of review tonight I preached all of this this past fall but I want to just
We just mentioned our ministry path and Brother Larry Chap will preach this message for us and just kind of reminded us about where we're heading.
And you might say, well, why are you sharing this with us?
Well, first of all, it's a reminder to us with respect to where we want to be growing and how we want to be growing.
But I'm sharing this with you tonight because as you attend maybe one of the connection groups, or as you're a part of one of the ministries, choir, usher, something like this, these are some of the stepways along the path of
Christian maturity that we're trying to help people learn to walk this way in their Christian life.
And so I want you to familiarize yourself with it.
We want to be walking this way.
We want to be helping others walk this way as well.
And we've mentioned these over the years by different terms, but here's the five terms for our ministry path that I want you to remember and help walk others through.
Number one, the first step on the ministry path is the step
of worship.
The step of worship, that's the entry point.
That's when people come in and we have that opportunity to engage them in worship for the Lord Jesus Christ.
We used to say years ago we had all eyes, and the first eye was to inspire people to have a heart for God.
It's our goal that people would come into Lancaster Baptist Church, and yes, even by watching us worship, even by seeing that we love the Lord, that we sing from our hearts, that we say amen to the preaching.
We can practice that right now.
that we're responsive, that we are worshiping God, that we are truly welcoming His presence with us, that people will see whether they're saved or not.
These people are serious about their God.
They are serious about God working in their hearts.
One of the guests I had this morning drove here
from Pasadena and he was sharing with me this afternoon.
He said, you know, I want to come back up here next Sunday.
He said, I've never experienced a time like that in a church.
And, you know, that ought to be our prayer that people who come to Lancaster Baptist Church, that that first step coming into worship, they're not going to see us distracted or talking about football or this or that, but they're going to see us fully engaged in worshiping God and that it will be attractive to them that they'll say, you know what, those people have something I don't have.
And that's the first step.
And if, listen, if visitors come in and they see us kind of, you know, checked out,
spiritually and emotionally and not really involved and not listening and not singing.
Listen, why would they come back if we don't seem to be engaged in worshiping our God?
So the first step is that we want to be a church that loves preaching and loves singing and loves and has a passion for revival.
Now the second step for that visitor that comes is what we're calling community.
We want to see them become a part of our church in the sense of community life.
Now I won't take a lot of time
this, but so many people today in the social media era, while they feel like they have a like and they have a relationship and they have friends on Facebook, the truth is that anxiety and depression and loneliness are on the rise in America today.
And people are starving for community and especially spiritual community.
You know what?
There are people all over the valley that need to know about your connection group.
They need to come from a time of worship.
They need us to go out into their home and maybe send them an email and get ahold of them and say, hey, we'd like to invite you to a group of 12 or 20 or a class of 80, a place where you can find some friends, a place where you can begin to understand the Christian life.
And that's the second part of the path.
And I need all of you this year to help people get on that path.
And yes, we're inviting people to church, but we want to be conscious of those visitors, not just getting into our comfort zone, but finding people that are new to God or just
trying to discover who God is and encourage them to take that second step to become a part of a loving community.
And then thirdly, we want to encourage them to then make a commitment.
Now that commitment, first and foremost, we want to make sure they're saved, amen.
We want to make sure that if they weren't saved in the worship time, if they weren't saved in the visiting of your class and the interaction in the home, that then they're coming to that place where they accept Jesus Christ as their savior and then become involved
in discipleship.
And the continued discipleship is where folks can make that deep commitment, understanding the doctrine, understanding what the church is about, understanding what prayer is about.
And then the fourth step on this ministry path is what we call service.
That's when someone's been saved, they've been discipled.
They're now a part of your community, your class, whatever the case might be.
And maybe they wanna start singing in the choir.
Maybe they are ready to be enough
Maybe they would like to help on a bus route.
And that's wonderful.
That's the natural process of spiritual growth, discovering their gifts and getting on board.
And then, of course, number five, we want to encourage every faithful member of our church to be a part of outreach, telling someone else about the time of worship so that they can come on the ministry path.
And our job is to be walking that path, but also bringing others along the path with us.
And there you have our church purpose.
loving God, growing together, serving others.
You have some core values that we want to live out and that we want to teach to our new members, sinning all we do around Christ, submitting to the Word of God, engaging others with the gospel, enjoying the ministry, living by faith.
And as folks begin to understand that, we want them to journey with us, to journey along the ministry path, worship,
community, commitment, service and outreach, bringing people along the way.
And I hope that you as leaders in this church, teachers and faithful members, that you will take these steps and say, Lord, help me this year to bring somebody else along the path.
How many of you adults tonight and teenagers would like to see even one person that would come into the worship service of this church that you invited?
Somebody that would say to you this year, you know, something was happening in my heart during that service.
Somebody that would say, I'd like to learn more.
And maybe you could invite them to come and enjoy the community of your connection group.
Somebody that would sit with you.
Somebody that you're helping along the ministry path.
And maybe that's somebody that you're able to see saved or their life rededicated.
And you can encourage them.
There's something called discipleship.
And I can take you through it.
Or I know who can take you through it on Wednesday night.
How many of you would like to see that person six, eight months later, maybe up here,
singing in the choir.
How many of you think that might bring some joy to your heart?
How many of you think that if they were so excited about Jesus and they started telling somebody about Jesus and they brought a friend to Jesus and you sat there one day and said, wow, I remember inviting them to come.
Now they're inviting them to come.
How many of you think that might be a blessing in your life?
And so a part of our vision is just to remember our DNA.
You know one of the challenges for a pastor, we've had a lot of vision, we've seen a lot of great things come to pass, but you know sometimes we need to get back to the very basic principles that brought God's blessing upon Lancaster Baptist Church.
And the ministry path is nothing new, some new words, but it's the same biblical process that we've been following for 34 years.
Now, what are some new things for the new year as we think about vision and where we're headed?
Let me encourage you to turn to the next page.
And I want to talk with you about just a few things.
These are not all encompassing.
These are just some highlights.
There are many things.
And if you looked at the calendar we passed out this morning, you should have seen many new events, many new service schedules that are brand new for 2020.
you'll look at those and begin to mark your calendar accordingly.
And here are some things we're going to be doing this year that
I'll just kind of give you a little bit of the flavor for some of the opportunities that we have.
We're excited about these coming up this April.
We're gonna have a Sunday night service called Heart to Heart with Pastor Mrs. Chapel.
Don't worry, Terry's not preaching, all right?
Don't worry about that.
But we're gonna have a special night where there will be preaching, but there's gonna be a time of question and answer, and we're gonna be taking some questions at a time about the ministry, about the church, about marriage, about whatever the church family's interested to know about, and we're gonna be having a heart to heart talk, just a great time of fellowship
sharing and learning with our church family on April the 26th and September the 20th.
We're having all church lunch and then an early evening service just looking at the calendar there at some busy seasons, lots of outreach, lots of special days and how we can have a time where we have our service.
We have lunch on the grounds and then an early service and then head home, get some rest, get ready for the next week.
Those are some new opportunities on the calendar.
We're gonna have a great service on June the 7th.
We're gonna call it memory lane evening service.
And the Bible teaches us to remember.
In fact, Terry and I were reading in our devotions.
I think it was yesterday about remembering the days of old, David said.
I think maybe Psalm 47.
And he was praying out to God about the days of old.
We're going to take some time and just remember some of the blessings of God.
And I think sometimes as with David who said, you know, God allowed me to take down a bear and a lion.
He's going to let me take down this Goliath too.
And we're going to rejoice in some of the great things God has done.
We have an outdoor evening service, July the 5th.
We're going to have our spiritual leadership conference off campus this year.
It's going to be quite different.
It'll be held at a hotel convention center down in the Palm Desert area.
And this will take place June 15th through 17th.
That was something we did from the sense of looking for balance on the schedule.
And because of the huge output of energy and finances and schedule for the spiritual leadership Asia conference, we're going to do a little less in the sense of energy and organizing here on our campus and try to give a bit of a
and a respite, but we are going to have a great opportunity to minister.
We already have a great number of pastors registered, and we'll be ministering to them in June, and we have many laymen from the churches coming.
If you're interested in that, you can register tonight or anytime this week on the church website.
July 12th, we're going to have food trucks out.
We're going to have a great time of fellowship, a variety of different kinds of food.
Back by popular demand is Aloha Sunday on August the 16th.
What does that mean?
It means I will preach in a hula shirt, I guess, if that's what they're called.
I don't know.
But this is one that we used to do years ago.
We were talking with the staff about what are some fun things we can do.
And I don't know if it's a hula shirt.
I guess it's hula dresses.
I won't wear one of those.
But whatever they're called, a Hawaiian shirt, and just the time to kind of cool off a little bit and have
some fun in the summertime.
And I know that you'll look forward to that.
And I was thinking, I'm still developing this one in my mind.
I was thinking we might have the loudest Hawaiian shirt, you know, the ugliest Hawaiian, like the ugly Christmas sweater contest, something like that.
But we'll work on that as we get closer.
We have a great event planned.
It's going to be hosted by the college, but all the church family will be welcome with Governor Mike Huckabee, who's just been a good conservative spokesperson in our country over the last many years.
He's coming in to
just help us in the ministry of West Coast Baptist College, but also an opportunity for our church to host a community event, an opportunity to share with our community, our values, our vision, why we reach young people and train young people for the gospel ministry.
On November the 1st, we have a very special day called Decision Sunday, and just an opportunity to emphasize the importance of making decisions that keep us on track in our spiritual life.
And so that's just a little sampling of some special days coming up
in 2020 that I hope you will enjoy, that you'll grow through them.
We'll talk about a few more events at the last part of this presentation.
Let's turn right to the middle of the book and to our really big focus for 2020.
This is something we've been talking about now for the last few years.
And I believe we now have come to the year where we can begin construction on the Kid City project.
Can I get an amen to that?
It's something we've been praying about and looking forward to.
I've been very patient.
I've wanted our church to be ready for this.
We've had a tremendous amount of study that has gone into the site, the necessary engineering.
We've been involved in the city plan check for many, many months.
All of that is finalizing now.
Bids have gone out on the college portion of this for the college offices and shortly thereafter we'll get bids out, full sets of plans for the entire construction of the kid's city building.
area of focus is our kid's city building, turning the entire north building into the kid's city building.
And I believe that this really represents the future.
I love the video we saw at the beginning of the service.
When it talked about the future, it showed pictures of children.
Children are the future.
And how many of you are like me, you just kind of get amazed at how quickly they're growing and yet we're not getting any older.
That just amazes me how that works.
And spending some time with our grandkids this last week and looking at Camden, I mean almost as
Paul is his mother Danielle and I just, I have trouble really getting my brain around those things sometimes.
And you know, many of these children
I believe are gonna be doing great things for the Lord, providing great leadership in the work of the Lord in the days ahead.
But we wanna reach them while their hearts are tender, while they're reachable with the gospel of Jesus Christ.
And so the first step for the Kids City Building will be the relocation of the college offices.
How many of you have never been to the college offices?
Let me see your hands, where are you?
All right, lots of you.
The second story of the North Building, the entire second story are college offices.
It's kind of a labyrinth of office.
offices or a bunch of them are in old closets and maintenance areas and it's really like little, you know, little pockets here and there.
And so we're excited to provide nice sized offices and adequate space for about 70 college staff in the five modulars on the south end of the campus.
And you see a picture there.
on the right side of some of the work we'll do on the front of these buildings.
But what's most important is the layout inside, the reception areas, the proper ventilation, the bathrooms that need to be built and all of these different things.
And I would ask you to pray.
Now we've been sharing
with friends across the country and with alumni of the college and pastors and Christian businessmen about this need.
And I don't have the exact bids in yet.
The early preliminary prices were somewhere between 800,000 and a million dollars to relocate.
And I'm not asking the church family to help with this, but I'm trying and asking folks that love the West Coast Baptist College ministry to help with this.
I want our offerings 100% this year from Lancaster Baptist Church to go right into the kid's city building.
But how many of you is your taking
some notes tonight would just say, God, would you provide for the need of the college offices and for those letters pastor has sent, those people that he's talking to, would you touch some hearts so that the college offices can be transferred to the South Campus and that that can go smoothly in the early part of 2020?
How many of you have prayed with me about that?
Would you do that?
I really appreciate that.
Now, I don't have the exact amounts right up to this date, but so far we've had about $300,000 that has come in for that project.
And we want to see the remaining amount of that come in by May.
That's our graduation of the 25th graduating class of West Coast Baptist College, this May.
And our big emphasis is on moving the college offices.
And we hope, and my prayer is that we'll have a general contractor on site by March 1st.
Now, mark this in your mind.
When you see the contractors and their trucks and trailers beginning to work on the south end of that campus, you will know that the Kid City Project
has begun.
You say, but it's working at the south campus, but we've got to get that space there before we can start on the kid city building.
So it's all going to flow together and we'll have some transition where some of the classes will be meeting in temporary space and it'll be a great time of growth.
And we know that a growing church is always in
transition.
So be ready for some flexibility in the children's ministry as we get your new home ready.
And we're very excited about getting that done.
Now, now that we've come to the place where we have actual working drawings and we have a little better idea of timelines and budgets, it's very important that you understand the next couple of pages.
And so I'd like you to turn to the next page there and you'll notice it says Kid City Showcase.
And I want to share with you some things that are vitally important for all of us tonight to comprehend
as we make way for the future at Lancaster Baptist Church.
I want to show you on the right-hand side, first of all, where it says key dates, three things that I want you to remember.
Number one, on February the 2nd, vision sharing Sunday, I'll be giving much more of an update as we'll have the working drawings, Lord willing, near completion or completed, and we'll be sharing in a full service opportunity where we're headed with the Kid City and the college offices.
On February the 9th through the
We're going to do something we've never done at Lancaster Baptist Church.
We're going to be having what we're calling a kid city showcase.
And this will take place on Sunday night, Monday night.
Tuesday night and Wednesday night.
There will be no regular Sunday night or Wednesday night service for that particular week because of the importance of having every adult member attend the Kid City Showcase.
Now if you'll notice back on the left side it says about this showcase, it says, this completely unique walkthrough immersive experience will allow you to visualize and experience many of the best features of the new Kid City building.
You will come into the Walther Center where you will meet your host for the evening
We have been training 60 men from Lancaster Baptist Church.
We're giving them the most up-to-date information on the budget.
What have we raised thus far?
How much funds are available after the completion of the Elden Loft and Transportation facility?
We're teaching them also about lots of the specs of the building and information related to the building.
They'll have all of the up-to-date information on the project.
They'll also be asking you for any questions you might have.
They'll be sharing with you lots of information in visual form.
And so you'll meet your hosts.
There'll be a time while we're waiting for everyone to get there to meet and discuss and hear the testimony of your host and fellowship with some of your friends from Lancaster Baptist Church.
Then your group of a size maybe 10 to 12 adults will be guided through six amazing life size displays highlighting the feature of the Kids City building.
We have a great team of people right now working to create for us an identity and understanding of this building.
In fact, when you get
to the very end of this display, you will be the very first to see the famous slide of the Kid City Building, but you will not be able to slide down the slide, all right?
I'm sorry to hurt your heart there, but it won't be properly attached just yet.
But you'll receive a detailed brochure on the building with floor plans and timelines, have an opportunity to ask questions, to give input.
If anything, this is just gonna be a great time of fellowship, a great time of information, a great time to meet some new friends, and I've already had
We had way back in December, the first meeting with the first 60 men and begun to share with them the heart, how much I appreciate their involvement in conveying the vision and helping.
In the past, we've gone to homes and shared the vision.
We've had dinners six, eight nights in a row.
This year, this immersive experience will be something for every adult member of Lancaster Baptist Church.
Now, this is an illustration, as we said a moment ago, about enjoying serving the Lord at Lancaster Baptist
the pace of our schedule.
And so rather than have you out on a Sunday night and then a Monday night or a Sunday night and a Tuesday night, we're gonna ask you to look at your calendar and figure out the night that's best for you, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Furthermore, you're going to have opportunity to choose a time slot, 6.30, seven o'clock, 7.15.
And on each of those nights, we're going to have between 20 and 30 groups going through this experience, enjoying the visual display,
seeing a presentation that I will give as well, and then moving on into the Walther Center for some refreshments, a time of understanding from your host, a time of Q and A, and most of all, a time of prayer.
Now our opportunity to get this building built is upon us, and there are some very unique facets to this year's opportunity, never done before at Lancaster Baptist Church, that they will explain to you in great detail that night.
But perhaps the most significant aspect that
that they'll share with you is going to be for the first time ever our 24 month commitment.
We're going to ask our church family this year to not only give our best cash offering as we attempt to do every year, but then to make a 24 month commitment.
So someone might give a cash offering this March and a commitment for 12 months and then another cash offering the next March, but there will be no presentation.
There will be no immersive experience.
There will be no presentations of that type next year.
We're doing all of that.
this year and then we're going to make our commitment.
We'll give our cash offering and make our commitment.
It will extend for a 24 month period.
Someone might give one cash offering and 24 month commitment.
Somebody might want to give a couple of times a cash offering.
That will be up to you.
The following year we'll have something like a reminder Sunday or something like that.
Now I'm going to tell you one of the reasons why we're going to share this new schedule with you.
That is very simply, as we're coming into this very large project of the kid's city building, historically over the years I have been involved in working with our building committee and bearing under the pressure of a building construction program while at the same time trying to continually oversee a stewardship campaign.
I've told you in the past, some churches hire an outside company to come in and do the immersive experience and even bring speakers in to motivate.
And I've just felt like this
this over the years.
I don't want to give 10% of our offering to an outside company.
I want everything that comes in for this building to go right to the building, amen.
But in order to
oversee and help with construction and also be involved in the stewardship campaign and also pastor the church and do everything else.
You're kind of spinning a lot of plates and it's taking a lot of energy.
And I really look forward to having a 24 month commitment so that we'll take care of the stewardship component in 2020.
And in 2021, we can focus on getting the building finished and built to the glory of God.
And we'll talk about where we are with our commitments and things like that.
But for the first time, you'll hear about the 24 month commitment.
how we can make that commitment and how that will work.
And this will enable us to say to the contractors, look, we have this much money on hand and we know that if the project starts late 2020 and goes somewhat into 2021, we've already received the commitment from our church family.
Go get to work.
We're serious.
We want to get this building done.
How many of you understand the concept of that?
Isn't that a tremendous blessing to be able to say, let's get it done.
We've made the commitment.
And so that's going to be explained.
How does the 24 month commitment work?
And so we'll have it.
to showcase the opportunity to see the building, to see the timeline, to see how we can get it funded for the glory of God.
And that will then lead us into March the first.
March the first is our reaching forth offering and banquet.
On that night, we're gonna have a great time of worship.
We're gonna come together.
It's not gonna be a long message.
I'll be preaching that night.
We've invited a tremendous singing quartet, the amen quartet to come in.
And they're gonna put on a gospel concert while the offering's being counted.
And we're gonna enjoy hearing them as well as some of our ensembles and children's choirs.
It's gonna be a wonderful night.
And on that night, we're praying that we'll be able to take a very special offering.
I'm asking the Lord for the largest offering in the history of our church along with tremendous commitments and that with those commitments and offering, we'll be able to take the contract or have a meeting, sign the contract and be ready just as soon as those offices are moved out and as soon as the plans are given to us and we have approval to get started on the Kid City Building.
And I don't know the exact time.
I think it'll be later on in 2020.
Tonight would say, Pastor, I will pray with you that that kid's building gets started this year to the glory of God.
How many of you will pray with me about that?
I really believe this is the time.
I've kind of been holding back, waiting for the right time, waiting to see the plans, get ready, and we have to have those approved by the city.
Everything's beginning to come together.
college office component is very large and I again covet your purse for that but as soon as we can see that out and going we're going to get moving forward on the Kid City building.
So please mark those dates down February the 2nd is a vision sharing Sunday February 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th Kid City showcase.
Now what we want to encourage you to do tonight after the service at every exit there are signup tables where you can go and make your appointment and so I want you to say all right I'd like to come Sunday night at five because that's already
part of my schedule, or I'd like to come Monday night at six and get that scheduled.
When you make that reservation, you'll receive a reaching fourth pin.
There's no cost to attend this event.
It's just the commitment of being there.
We've got some men who have taken off time from work, and they're not going to come for one night.
They're going to come for four or five nights in order to facilitate this opportunity for us.
Some of them are helping with the Spanish as well.
And so we want to be honoring their schedule by making
appointment, keeping our appointment, and you can make your appointment tonight at all these doors on your way out.
Be sure to sign up and be a part of Kids City Showcase.
You also can go online on the Lancaster Baptist app and register that way as well.
But we want you to know what's happening and know how to be a part of this new opportunity for the 24 month commitment and how to pray for a great victory on that special day, March the 1st.
And so that's the big project.
You say what's different from last year.
The big difference is what I said a moment ago.
We're praying to start the project this year.
Last year we were revving up, getting ready.
This year we're still getting ready with the offering this March, but we want to see the project begin.
And it's going to be an exciting time.
We're going to have to take dozens of classes out of the North Building, relocate them to modulars, possibly bring some other space in.
It's going to be a great time though, to get it all done for the glory of God.
And I've been saying this for several years now, but we have visitors who have been giving us comments.
biggest negatives that we get is how spread out all the children's classes are.
And so we're very anxious to centralize those classes.
And we want the kids to love everything about Kid City.
The lessons, the songs, the slide, the puppet shows, all of it.
We want them dragging their parents back to church the next Sunday.
We want them bringing the whole family in.
So you pray for the Kid City project.
Let's turn to the next page for just a moment.
I want to share just some high-end goals.
Every department has numerous dozens of goals, but just to share some things with you church-wide.
We're excited this fall about reinstituting our Love Works campaign.
We want to have five major Love Works opportunities this fall.
Love Works, for those of you that haven't been a part of it, that's when we buy 1,000 cups of coffee and go to the commuter parking lots and give out cups of coffee at 4.30 in the morning along with the gospel track and tell people that God loves them and so does Lancaster Baptist Church.
I think one of the things we did before we painted
veterans building and we've had people coming to church every week since that just because we went painted a building passed out some gospel tracks and love people in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ our youth ministry they went out to some public high schools and they serve spaghetti to football teams and basketball teams and and preach the gospel right in those basketball gymnasiums and saw souls saved so you'll be hearing about love works this fall five major opportunities you'll have to sign up to be a part of reaching our community with the gospel we want to be
We want to begin the construction of the college offices this spring.
This spring, we want to get that done.
So mark that down as a major prayer request.
We want to begin the construction of the kid's city building in the winter.
All right.
That's a little weak.
That's sort of like a Methodist church with a lady pastor.
So I'm going to have to put it in reverse.
And this service, by the way, we've done these until midnight in years gone by.
Amen.
Or we could be done rather quickly.
So it's really all up to you, folks.
I'm having a good time either way.
All right, let's try that again.
So we want to begin our kid's city building in the winter of this upcoming year.
Much, much better.
We want to give the largest offering in our church's history for the kid's city building from March 2020 to March 22.
That's another good place to say amen.
And then we want to train and equip 10,000 Christian workers from the 1040 window in Manila
in the month of March.
I'll mention more about this in the weeks to come.
I would covet everyone's prayer here.
We made a big commitment.
God has really blessed.
And every day, there are things going on in the Philippines.
Brother Naranjan, Sundaraj, and others have been meeting with pastors.
There's a team of pastors and choirs and workers that are coming together.
We have one Christian businessman who said, I'd like to just have a hospitality room for our missionaries.
He said, I'd like to have a place where we could give them a gift.
And the first one's gonna have a gift for every missionary from our church to them.
about 200 missionaries and we want to give a little something to the husband and the wife and and to each of the children and we're gonna have in that room someone that can show medical attention to them or some opportunities for Christian counseling and and we want to minister to the missionaries then we have national pastors and Christian workers from over 50 countries registered to come to Manila in the second week of March and if you'll pray I'll be preaching the opening message on Monday night the closing Tuesday night closing message on Friday
We're bringing 50 pastors to do workshop sessions on soul winning, discipleship, youth ministry, church finance, all different kinds of subjects.
We have a business leaders round table on Monday teaching the businessmen how they can help the missionaries in the 1040 window, especially to countries like Malaysia where if you pass out a gospel track, the penalty is to lose your hand.
And these are closed countries.
And the only way to get the gospel into these countries is to establish a business entity where we can then begin to somehow reach through the business enterprises into the closed access countries.
So lots of strategy, lots of opportunity, but mostly the preaching of those evening services if you'd pray.
And we're excited.
We have reserved a building called the SMX Center about 15 minutes from the International Airport of Manila.
And we've reserved a 10,000 seat auditorium completely by faith.
about that because even while we're working to establish and occupy until Jesus comes here at home, we're reaching out to the uttermost parts of the earth as well.
And so really do appreciate your prayer.
And many of our orchestra members and I think over 50 of our college students, many, many of our church members are participating.
They'll be helping and I trust that you'll pray as well.
In the outreach area we want to deliver the gospel to every home in the Antelope Valley two times this year.
We want to organize church outreach through our connection groups beginning February the second.
And you'll be hearing in your class there will be the same table in every class, the same tablecloth, the same forms.
And we're going to be giving every class their soul winning opportunities and an opportunity to make a partner right in class.
And for those that can't come back into the church on Thursday night, we'll still have Thursday night, but for those who prefer to get a partner in a
call right during their class hour.
They'll be able to do that starting February the second in the connection groups, 50 connection groups beginning the Sunday school outreach.
They're soul winning through the Sunday school.
We're gonna be having a business leaders luncheon outreach on April the 29th.
Brother Naranjan Sundaraj, former vice president of American Express Asia will be the speaker.
These have been very successful the last few times.
We have seen many visitors to our campus.
We've seen a couple of people saved.
Last time we had a businessman that approached
and said, how much did it cost to put this on?
And we told him the amount.
He wrote a check and paid for the whole lunch.
And it's just been a good time to reach out to various business leaders and managers from different companies.
And if you can come or bring a friend, mark that down April 29th.
It's a great opportunity for growth and evangelism.
But the first so is leading five community events.
Grand Prix, Barking the Park, Christmas Parade, Boulevard, Law Enforcement.
He does a great job.
And I hope when you see those on the calendar, you'll join with him.
Be a part of reaching our valley.
But the first so kind of takes
takes the point at the outreach and getting the gospel out into our community.
And I hope that you'll be right there with the SOS Times on Saturdays.
What a great response we have this past week and many visitors this day from that outreach as well.
I'll let you read some of the other things here in the adult ministry, 125 adults through the continued discipleship program.
And you can see some of these goals, seeing 100 new members in ministry service and getting folks involved in the connection groups, our children's ministry.
Of course we want
We want to transition to a new children's check-in system this summer.
We want to add FaceTime cameras in the rally rooms for games and special guest interviews before the spring, creating a mobile app and digital resources for the kids and parents on the Kids City website by summer.
We're actually in the final process of interviewing and approving a brand new church management system, which will be something that will help every teacher, every attendance record will be kept with an iPad, will be sent directly into our offices.
going to look forward to having the opportunity to have a map app for every teacher to know exactly where to go on soul winning.
And you pray that we can finalize the company that we'll be using and get the church management program right involved in the lives of our day to day operation.
It will help every sending school teacher, I'm sure.
Music Ministry wants to add 25 choir members and five orchestra members this year.
They're beginning preparation for the 35th anniversary music ministry recording that will be released at the Spiritual Leadership Conference
2021 and I'm excited about that project.
And then our Spanish ministry is praying to average over 900 every Sunday morning.
They'd like to see 100 baptized 50 disciple bus ministry wants to see 100 families visit the church from the bus ministry.
Folks, there's nothing more exciting to me than seeing the mom and dad or the mom or the dad of a bus kid gets saved.
It brings such great joy to their lives as well.
Let's pray for our bus ministry this year.
We'd like to purchase three new buses this year.
We have the opportunity through the grant program to get, I believe, three, maybe four more.
And we want to take full advantage of that and so continue to pray that God will provide in that area.
Singles Ministry has a goal to reach 20 young adults from Edwards Air Force Base and 20 others from Antelope Valley College this year to start a podcast as well to conduct a June young adult retreat as well as having a couple of activities every month for our Singles Department.
Korean Ministry wants to meet 300 Korean families in the Antelope Valley this year.
praying to see 24 saved and 24 baptized.
I appreciate those specific goals from Brother Kim.
Our school ministry
seeing improving test scores to the 70th percentile and lots of young Christians and young folks in the school program.
We want to continue to see them advancing academically, of course, spiritually, improving our classroom technology as well, utilizing Google Chromebooks and Google Classroom software, improving the classroom facilities by upgrading the lighting flooring and common space area, and then launching Kids Corner Kindergarten in the fall.
We have a Kids Corner preschool.
We're going to add Kindergarten this fall.
Pray for Brother Ewing and our
school staff doing an amazing job ministering to over 400 children every single day, and many have been saved this year, and many of them are growing and maturing, and we're thankful for the Lancaster Baptist School.
And then West Coast Baptist College, just a few things.
We're adding a new counseling program major this fall.
I'm so glad that Dr. and Mrs. Crabb are a part of our church now, and Brother Crabb's gonna be taking a lot of the leadership.
He's already starting an online course and has much experience and background in counseling.
He'll be teaching in that area, and then we're
praying to enroll 350 online students.
We have really almost reached that.
We're matriculating more every day.
If you're interested or you know somebody who'd like to take a class or get a degree online, just email Dr. Lester and let him know.
We're excited about the online program.
We want to design and relocate the fitness center.
This is another small component of all the transition that we're managing and I've got a large chart of my office with lots of building related transitions.
But one of those modulars, in fact two of them, are
filled with weights and exercise equipment for our school and college ministry.
My vision is to take that to the last remaining square footage.
We have about 2,500 square feet in the southeast corner of the Walther Center upstairs.
And that has been set aside for the exercise area for the campus.
And I'd love to see some elliptical machines that look out the mountains up at Mount Baldy so that you could at least see the mountain while you stand on it.
and maybe consider turning it on as well.
But anyways, we're excited about having the workout area up there.
I've got a lot more vision for that.
I'll talk to you about later.
But if you would pray, the college would like to see that as a part of our special project fundraising immediately after the offices are moved.
And then, of course, we want to take 40 students on a missions trip.
And we already have over 50 signed up for the Leadership Asia Conference.
Many other classes are being added.
Much more could be said.
But those are some high-end goals that we'd like you to pray with us about for the Ministry of West Coast Baptist
college.
Now a new year is like a gift.
It's a gift from God, the fact that we're alive, the fact that we have the opportunity to serve Him.
And I want to mention some resources to you to help you steward this new year that we've been given.
So on the next page, if you would, let me mention some of these for the Williams, if you'd grab all these items down here for me while I continue speaking.
You'll notice, first of all, the stewarding life planner.
This is something that I've been using already this year, and it's not too late to begin using it.
Today is January the 12th.
Stewarding life planner is just some great
material written on understanding God's purpose for your life, on how to be accountable with your goals, on developing a personal vision statement, on stewarding life in general.
And it just helps you to outline some of the priorities for your year.
Also, there is a section in the back that talks about leadership and influence and financial management and our identity in Christ, various different topics that are important in the carving out and planning of a successful new year.
The heart of this really is just the daily devotional guide.
Every day there's a Scripture reading recommendation.
There's a Scripture at the bottom for meditation and memory.
There's a place to mark down what Scripture you read, what God spoke to you about, what you can praise the Lord for, and then the areas of those priorities in your life that you're working on in that day.
And this is something that I use every day.
It's not a journal per se, but I do write down what God is speaking to me about and some of the things that He's impressing upon my heart.
something like this, it might help you to be more concise and to be more intentional in your devotional life.
And so I recommend the Stewarding Life Planner.
It's available for you in the back.
Also available in the back, we have some other items that might be of help to you.
If you haven't used, for example, the Trust and Obey devotional, those are available there for you.
Terry has a lady's devotional called It's a Wonderful Life Journal.
Similar to the Stewarding Life Journal, yet there are some more
more different ideas and devotional topics for the ladies as well as questions each day for your devotions.
Also, you'll notice they're a Bible reading schedule that's available at the guest services.
That's a free item.
The daily in the word email, everywhere I go when I witness to different people, I mention this and I tell them, here's something you can look at.
This can be emailed right to your computer and all of our members can take advantage of that.
It's an encouragement.
How many of you, the world, pop it up stuff in your computer?
They're telling you buy this, do that.
How many of you think they're listening to you as you talk about it at home, right?
Have you ever talked about something?
And a few minutes later, boom, it comes up, right?
I'm just here to tell you, the world is bombarding us.
You ought to set yourself this year so that you've got some spiritual reminders coming.
And if you don't have daily in the word, that'll be a tremendous help to you.
The Lancaster Baptist app, if you haven't downloaded that on your smartphone, let me encourage you to do that.
And the Great Commission app is another app.
It's just a tremendous soul-winning opportunity.
I know sometimes for me, I try to keep tracks in a couple spots in my car, in my briefcase.
Every once in a while, I'll reach in.
and I don't have one, but I nearly always have my phone and I've got that app, and I've witnessed to several people on it, want to encourage you, this is a church that believes in equipping the saints for the work of the ministry.
Let's say that together, equipping the saints for the work of the ministry.
What's pastor doing right now?
I'm trying to equip you and give you some tools so that you can be involved in the work of the ministry.
So the devotionals are in the back there, the daily vibrating schedules, they're available for you in the back, and I hope you'll take some time and just kind
to kind of get geared up for the year and with some of these things that will remind you and keep you involved in a devotional life and in a soul winning life as well.
Now as we continue along just real quickly I want you to turn to the next page.
Where are we headed in our preaching and teaching this year?
And we started this morning a brand new series entitled Let the Journey Begin.
And we're learning about how to reach forth.
And next week I'll be preaching on reaching forth with focus and our focus on Jesus Christ from Hebrews chapter 12.
And I'm very excited about this series.
Every week we'll be talking about some part of the Christian life that God specifically tells us to be looking to or reaching for or seeking.
And so reaching forth is our preaching theme for the first quarter on Sunday morning as the journey has begun.
And then beginning on Sunday evenings we're going to be
coming back to the book of Philippians and we're going to be looking at some highlight passages from Philippians.
For example, next Sunday night I'll be preaching on the confidence of the Christian life from Philippians chapter one.
Paul said being confident of this very thing that he which hath begun a good work will continue and perform it in you until the day of Jesus Christ.
And we're going to be learning from the Philippians this Sunday night beginning this next Sunday night for the next 10 to 12 Sundays.
And then on Wednesday nights I'm very excited
You know, as a pastor, I really do spend time in prayer.
Lord, where do we need to emphasize and what do we need to emphasize?
And sometimes I get this burden and all I want to preach about is the family, marriage and raising kids because you do a lot of counseling, you hear about problems and you want to preach just about the family.
And other times all I want to do is preach on prophecy because I think, boy, the Lord's coming soon and we need to understand what's going on over there in the Middle East and how does it relate to what scripture and so all these things and all these problems you want to preach about.
And then there's this thought too.
And I think, you know, Lord, I've been preaching for 34 years now at Lancaster Baptist, but there are some books I haven't preached through yet.
I've preached through about 30, maybe 35, but there's 66 of them.
And so I feel like I've got to get going here.
I've been a slacker.
I haven't preached through enough books of the Bible.
And so this year on Wednesday nights for the next, I think about, oh, I don't know how many it is, 12, 14, we're gonna take the next several months and we're gonna be going through the profit
of the Old Testament.
I've entitled this series, The Lord Have Spoken.
The Lord Have Spoken.
And we're not going to be able to go through the entire book of Isaiah, for example, but here's what we're going to do with a book like Isaiah.
It might take two or three weeks, but we're going to start this Wednesday night with Obadiah.
We're going to look at some of the minor prophets and some of the major prophets and endeavor to familiarize our church family
with every book of the Bible beginning with these major and minor prophets so that you'll be able to understand what is the context of Obadiah, what year was it written, and what was going on in the history of Israel and was the divided kingdom or the United Kingdom and who was the king and what is the major teaching of that book so that you'll have an overview and an understanding of the major and minor prophets.
And I've asked some of our teaching staff and leadership team to join me in this process.
Dr. Lester will be teaching this Wednesday night on Obadiah and I'm just saying many
not here have ever heard preaching from the book of Obadiah to understand the context of that book, for example.
And I want our church to know the word and study the word.
So I'm excited about this series on Wednesday night.
The Lord has spoken, getting an overview on the prophets of the Old Testament.
And so we'll be in Philippians on Sunday night, the prophets on Wednesday night, Sunday morning, learning how to reach forth in the Christian life.
And how many of you say, Pastor, I'm gonna pray for you as you prepare these messages and feed the flock of God.
God that we might grow stronger in our faith this year.
Will you do that?
That's my desire that we might truly grow.
Let's look at the next page here.
It talks about the week of awakening.
I love the video this morning that we saw with the quotes from revivalists of the past.
We all know the greatest need in our life is revival.
The greatest need in our nation is revival.
And I want to ask our church to take this to heart.
I believe that being thoroughly right with God takes care of so many other things.
It brings unity.
It takes away bitterness.
I pray for every age group in our church.
And I pray for the teenagers, because sometimes the devil tries to get them to be rebellious against their parents.
And then I pray for millennials, because sometimes the young couples in the church, they can say, I've been there, done that, and that looks cool.
And get more into materialism and less interested in spiritual things.
And I just pray.
Sometimes I don't know what to say.
Sometimes I'll write a note or ask a teacher how someone's doing.
I try to pray for the young couples.
I pray for the older couples, some that have health problems and all the different needs of the church.
There are so many needs in a church like ours.
And frankly, sometimes it's overwhelming.
Just all the different things that are needed spiritually.
But there's one thing that can meet all the other needs.
And that is every one of us being thoroughly right with God.
Every one of us having revival.
And that's why we have this revival meeting.
I think you've kind of got my heart by now.
If I thought it was just something on the calendar, just some busy thing, we would have canceled it.
I don't think it's just something on the calendar.
to keep us busy.
I think it is vital.
It is a lifeline.
It is a great need in our lives.
And I want to ask you to begin praying.
And you know, here's the thing.
It's interesting to me that over time say, well, I've heard Pastor preach thousands of times.
I've heard Brother Getz preach 34 different times.
Let's not have the attitude of been there, done that.
Let's have the attitude of Lord, I need a fresh touch from your Holy Spirit in my life.
And so for one week, we're going to ask you,
beginning next Sunday.
I'll talk about it next Sunday.
So just start getting yourselves mentally prepared.
I'm gonna ask you to have a week of prayer and fasting starting next Sunday night.
And I'll explain it more next Sunday.
You may not fast physically the entire week.
You may fast a meal every day.
You may fast the whole week.
I don't know.
Talk to your doctor if you do that.
I'm gonna ask some of you to do a social media fast.
I'm convinced that social media
is impinging upon the minds and hearts of Christians and many times warring against us spiritually in the sense of our spiritual growth.
I'm going to ask every family to consider a TV fast just for one week.
See sometimes the reason we don't have time for revival, if you'd really think if the average person in here would watch no television and do no social media and set aside their hobby, they would have time for the revival meeting.
So we're just going to talk about fasting.
Fasting is when we say, Lord, more than this food and more than my favorite show and more than anything, I want you.
And so would you pray about that, not this week, but starting the next week, a week of prayer and fasting and then coming into the revival meeting.
We have some special music coming, but the getch has already shared with me some of his outlines and thoughts.
And I know God is already working in his heart the week of awakening, the last week of this year.
Something fun on the back page.
We've got some wonderful resources, some beautiful shirts.
And I am excited about these.
I think they're cool.
And if you'd like to stop by the resource table and get a devotional book, this one here just says,
Lancaster Baptist and Philippians 313 on the back and lots of other styles and sizes.
And if you'd like one of those, maybe for your teenage or single adult or for yourself, I hope you'll get that.
Anything to remind us of the theme, anything to remind us of reaching forth unto the Lord.
And there's a couple of tables in the back with those resources.
There's a sign up place in the back.
If you'll sign up to pray for the revival, take a 10 minute slot.
We'd like to ask you to do that.
We want to get that filled up before next Sunday.
And then of course, don't forget to sign up.
to be a part of the special presentation.
I mentioned just a moment ago, the Kids City Showcase, February 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th, and be thinking, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday, be thinking of the time.
It's gonna be a time of enjoyable fellowship.
There'll be a special brochure explaining the building in detail, where we're at, where we're going, what about the 24 month commitment?
How does that work?
What does that look like?
All of that happening that second week of February, and I want you to make time to get reserved for that, and plan to have a special part
in it.
Well, thank you for listening.
How many of you say we've got a lot ahead of us and I'm excited about 2020?
Amen.
I'm excited about it.
Looking forward to all of it and seeing what God does as we labor together with Him.